[THEME MUSIC]
>>WILLIAM HENRY: Hello.
I'm William Henry.
Welcome to "The Awakened Soul."
Mystic teachings of many
spiritual traditions
teach that our soul
has the ability
to be reborn or live again
and again in a new body.
These mystics view
the human body
as an extension, an appendage,
or organ of our soul.
And the soul clearly takes
precedence over the body.
Our divine spark,
the kernel of life,
or soul drop or wave
that is our eternal self,
weaves the human body
out of strands of DNA
as an earthly
transportation vehicle,
as an energy and
information-gathering device,
and as a way to work out
karma, among other uses.
Spiritual adepts
have demonstrated
that the body's abilities
can be amplified
and life enhanced
by the acquisition
of psycho-spiritual
powers of the soul,
including love,
compassion, respect,
and honesty, among others,
and make us more righteous,
meaning holy or whole beings,
and thereby dramatically
improve our earthly existence.
As we explored previously
in the Robe of the Soul,
for nearly 5,000
years, activation
of these spiritual powers
in human transmutation,
transcendence, or ascension
beyond the body into a higher
form has been symbolized by the
acquisition of a power cloak
or a garment of light.
This glowing and
glorious cloak was
transmittable from a spiritual
adept to an initiate.
Receiving it and
internalizing or embodying it
along with its code
and programs or apps
made one godlike
and whole or holy.
The ancients called
these powers "shi powers"
and referred to them as the
perfect powers of the soul.
There's our magic word,
perfect, arising once again.
These robes or cloaks and these
perfect powers of the soul
made the wearer mighty
ones or giants on Earth
and also enabled
their ultimate goal,
ascension to otherworldly
cosmic realms through portals
and gateways.
Enoch, Gilgamesh,
Nimrod, Elijah, Jesus
are just a few who
acquired this robe
and dressed lightly in it
during their ascension.
As I noted, the robe of light
is a universal symbol for power.
It is a physical
object, but it's also
a way of representing abstract
concepts and mystical abilities
of the soul.
Also, this cloak made
the wearer radiant.
Depictions of the ancient
gods as radiant and shining
in their robe of light stepping
through cosmic gateways
are widely found in
the ancient world.
Here, we see a
Sumerian cylinder seal
from 1000 BC depicting an
Anunnaki goddess whose body is
surrounded by a circle of
stars, indicating her radiance
and her light
body, or star body.
For thousands of
years, attaining
this otherworldly
garment and its powers
in imitation of
the gods has been
the goal of all of humanity.
But it was only attained by
a few and then mostly men.
But today, this goal is
now within reach as never
before and for everyone.
By embracing the soul
code of this robe
and connecting the dots
within, miracles can happen,
and anything becomes possible.
But is the robe all we need?
Or is there more to it
than just this cloak app?
My research says that,
in fact, there is.
In fact, there's a whole
kit of ascension apps
that we need to embody in order
to complete our ascension.
Identifying these tools or apps
is the subject of this episode.
You can follow through on this
by reading my free e-book,
"The Skingularity is Near-- The
Next Human, The Perfect Rainbow
Light Body and the Technology
of Human Transcendence."
In this book, I offered my view
that the ethereal power cloaks
of the gods and divine beings
symbolized inner abilities
or apps that gave the wearer
the miraculous super powers
of levitation, invisibility,
instant materialization
of wishes, and super
strength, among other powers.
And this cloak, as I said, was
part of a collection of apps.
So beginning with the oldest
human story, Inanna's descent
to the underworld,
let's take a look
at the other ascension
apps and the importance
of acquiring them.
Seen here is a
statue of the goddess
Inanna or Mari, the
queen of heaven.
It dates to 2300 BC.
Until 2014, this statue
was in the Aleppo Museum
in Aleppo, Syria.
It is one of the true priceless
jewels of the ancient world.
When civil war began in Syria,
this statue was shipped out
and is now hidden in a
secret location known only
to the specialists
who handled it
to protect it from destruction
by Islamic State terrorists.
This statue, called "The
Goddess with a Vase,"
depicts the goddess wearing
an array of symbols, including
the PALA, or miracle garment,
which is the robe of light.
These symbols are described
in the Sumerian poem,
"The Descent of Inanna," which
is the oldest human story.
It tells the story
of Inanna's descent
and then her ascension
to her sister's throne
and how she gathered seven
power objects called me.
Here's the poem.
My queen, she has gathered
together the seven me.
She has taken them in her hands.
And with the me
in her possession,
she has prepared herself.
On her head, she
wears the Shugurra,
the crown of the steppe.
Across her forehead,
her dark locks of hair
are carefully arranged.
Around her neck, she wears
the small lapis beads.
At her breast, she wears
the double strand of beads.
Her body is wrapped
in the royal robe.
Her eyes are daubed with
the ointment, let him come.
Let him come.
And around her chest,
she wears the breastplate
called come, man, come.
On her wrist, she
wears the gold ring.
And in her hand, she carries the
lapis measuring rod and line.
In this poem, Inanna travels
to the kur, the underworld,
through a series of seven gates.
At each gate, she removes
one power object, or symbol,
from her body until she
stands naked before the throne
of her sister, Ereshkigal.
Scholars consider this
story the great monomyth.
And like all myths, it's
susceptible to interpretation
on at least six levels, the
literal, the historical,
the cosmological, the
symbolic-metaphorical,
the mythological-allegorical,
the anatomical,
and the anagogical.
Our primary interest is in
the anagogical interpretation.
Anagogy is a Greek
word meaning assent.
An anagogical interpretation
is a mystical interpretation
of a word or a passage
or a sacred text that
detects allusions to
heaven or the afterlife.
In other words, it
relates to ascension.
As the original ascension
story, Inanna's descent
tells how she acquired the
seven power objects or symbols
and how we can, too.
They are part of
our mystic anatomy.
Activating them and
then taking them off
enables our soul to take off.
Similar garments
are worn by Ishtar
in this plaque in
the Louvre Museum,
also dating to around 2000 BC.
The word "me," used to describe
what I call these ascension
apps, is also found
in the Sumerian word
melammu, which is generally
translated as radiance.
One scholar, Dr.
Shawn Aster defines it
as the protective covering
or outer layer of a person
or rays emanating from a being.
The key thing, notes Dr.
Aster, is this covering
is transmittable or
transferable, just
like the other apps.
The rainbow veils of the goddess
Ishtar were sometimes garments
or sometimes
portrayed as jewels.
The rainbow was
called her necklace,
of which she made the bridge
to heaven for the souls
of her chosen ones.
Her rainbow necklace
had selective power.
If Ishtar chose or willed,
neither man nor god
could cross this rainbow bridge.
Going back to the
statue of Mari,
we notice that she has
rings on her wrists
and holds a vase containing
the elixir of immortality.
She wears the same
necklace as Ishtar.
And her necklace, too, was
originally rainbow-colored
and dotted with blue stones.
And she wears the
Shugurra helmet.
Literally translated,
says Zecharia Sitchin,
Shugurra means that which
makes go far into the universe.
And you have to ask,
what kind of a helmet
can we put on that takes
us far into the universe?
And can we get one at Best Buy
or another appliance store?
One can hardly fault Mr.
Sitchin for interpreting
this collection of tools as
some kind of a space suit.
It does look very technological,
like something out of a NASA
space suit design.
However, this
interpretation severs us
from the possibility
of developing
the capabilities these
symbols represent from within
and developing
ourselves spiritually.
As we move forward
1,000 years later
in ancient Egyptian belief,
we see that Tutankhamen also
wears the royal robe,
called the Karast garment,
that indicated that he,
too, was an ascended being.
According to ancient
Egyptian belief,
Ptah, the god of technology,
fashioned the human body
and the Karast
resurrection garment.
And in this depiction, he wears
the many-colored feathered
resurrection and
ascension garment
that enabled his ascent
to the heavenly realms.
He, too, also holds a set
of ascension tools or apps,
including the resurrection
stick, the helmet of salvation,
the rings of gold, and
he stands on the block
of cosmic truth called maat
that symbolizes holy ground.
In this example from the tomb
of Queen Nefertari in Egypt,
we see Ptah holding
the ascension apps
and standing before
the multicolored tet
pillar, which is the symbol
of the power of resurrection.
In one of my unique
contributions
to the study of the
rainbow light body,
I have linked the tools held
by the guru Padmasambhava
to Ptah and his tools or apps.
I note this not because I
have an out-of-control ego,
but because the Tibetans
don't connect the symbolism
of Padmasambhava the Ptah.
Nor do the Egyptologists
connect the symbolism of Ptah
to Padmasambhava.
However, I believe the
connection is very strong.
The rainbow body
is a Tibetan term
for the great perfection
or great transfer
into light achieved by Jesus
in his resurrection and others.
The achievement of
perfection is attained
by raising or accelerating the
vibration of the human body
until it dissolves into
its subtle essences,
leaving behind only hair, toe,
and fingernails, which have
no nerves to be transmuted.
The body then morphs into a
vortex of five-colored rainbow
light or what is called
the rainbow body.
In these depictions,
we see Ptah sitting
on his lotus throne, which is
the symbol of divine wisdom.
But it's also the symbol
of a transportation portal.
Ptah wears the crown of glory.
He holds the Vajra, the symbol
of compassionate action.
And in his other hand, he
holds the resurrection stick.
His body emits multi-colored
rays shot with gold.
When I first slid the
image of Ptah beside Padma,
I noticed that they are in
perfect harmony and resonance
with one another.
In fact, their symbolism
is interchangeable.
I believe we can also connect
the rainbow veil of Ishtar
to the rainbow body
of light as well,
showing us that this
teaching, in fact,
derives from the Annunaki.
We can extend this comparison
to Osiris, the Egyptian god
of resurrection, who sits
on his feathered ascension
throne that's feathered
because it flies.
It's the vehicle upon which
he ascends into the stars.
He holds the crook
and flail, which
are symbols of his sovereignty.
And his swirling,
multi-colored atef crown
is definitely suggestive
of the rainbow light body.
In this example of Osiris
from the tomb of King Seti,
we see Osiris on the ascension
throne holding the ascension
apps exactly like Padmasambhava.
His feathered throne that
takes Osiris into the stars
seen at Dendera and it's
the seat of the soul
or the mobile throne of
the gods, if you will.
And as I have pointed out,
the shape of the soul's boat,
the Ark of the
Millions of Years,
is shaped exactly like the
way modern science portrays
a wormhole.
Symbolically, the
Egyptian depictions
tell us exactly the same
story as the Tibetans.
A transformed human is on
their celestial thrones
ascending into the stars.
Based on the
Sumerian depictions,
we have to imagine that
this throne is radiant,
just like the star-studded
throne from ancient Mesopotamia
dating to 1000 BC.
Moving now to 800 BC, we
learn of the Prophet Elijah's
ascension.
As Elijah was headed into heaven
on his Merkabah throne chariot,
he turns to his
successor, Elisha,
and he transmits to
him his holy robe.
Scholars believe
this is the same robe
of light described in
the Sumerian stories
of the Annunaki.
And I agree.
With this robe, Elisha can
now perform the same miracles
as Elijah, including healing
the sick, raising the dead,
and ascending to heaven.
Elijah's chariot is the same as
the feather throne of Osiris.
And both are clearly some form
of ascension throne or vehicle.
It completes the ensemble or
collection of ascension apps.
Just a couple hundred years
later, in around 578 BC,
the Babylonian
King Nebuchadnezzar
stormed Jerusalem and took
10,000 Jewish people captive,
including three wise
men from the Temple
of Solomon named Shadrach,
Meshach, and Abednego.
Nebuchadnezzar forced
them into a fiery furnace.
And when they returned, they
had the Son of God in tow
with them.
I have interpreted this as a
portal or a stargate story.
What is most amazing
about this story
is that before these three wise
men entered the fiery furnace,
the Book of Daniel says they
put on their coats, their hats,
and their other garments.
The traditional view says these
were only ordinary clothes.
But I don't think so.
It appears to me that
these three wise men
were attired exactly
like Inanna and Ptah
in preparation for
their descent or ascent
into the fiery furnace.
They knew they must
accessorize the robe of light
with the crown or hat
and other garments.
So what we've seen here is
that for nearly 5,000 years,
human transmutation,
transcendence, or ascension
into a higher form
has been symbolized
by the acquisition of this
power cloak or garment
and these additional apps.
This glowing and glorious
cloak was transmittable.
Receiving it and the
other apps, crown
of wisdom, the breastplate,
and other apps,
and internalizing or embodying
these apps made one god-like.
Rather than attired,
I prefer the words
embody and internalize,
because these ethereal symbols
are clearly inner
abilities or apps that
give the wearer the miraculous
super powers of levitation,
invisibility, super
strength, among other powers.
These cloaks made the wearer
mighty ones or giants on Earth
and also enabled
their ultimate goal,
which is ascension to
other worldly cosmic realms
via portals or gateways.
From what we have
just seen, these apps
are available for us
to be acquired, too,
because they come from within.
So let's follow
some stories here
about how we can actually
acquire or activate these apps.
In the Christian tradition, we
learn that Elijah reincarnated
as John the Baptist.
And he re-acquired
this power cloak.
As seen in this mosaic in
San Marco in Florence, Italy,
Elijah re-acquired this
cloak from an angel
and then transmitted it
to his cousin, Jesus,
at the baptism,
where an angel can
be seen waiting to give
the power cloak to Jesus.
In this way, the baptism
represents a transmission
of this teaching that was
at least 2,500 years old
by the time of Jesus.
In the Book of Hebrews, Jesus
is known as the high priest
of the order of Melchizedek.
Jewish priests
wore special attire
that includes a crown, a
breastplate, a robe shot
with gold wires, and gold bells.
These are called the
garments of righteousness.
In William Blake's
painting, we see a scene
of Zacharias, the high priest
of the Temple of Solomon,
who struck mute upon learning
that his elderly, barren wife,
Elizabeth, will give
birth to John the Baptist.
The luminous garments
appear to glow.
The breastplate radiates
rainbow-colored light.
In the Jewish tradition
when the high priest puts
on this collection of items,
he does so in preparation
for entering the Holy
of Holies of the Temple
of Solomon, a golden,
cube-shaped room that
is a re-creation of
the Garden of Eden.
The Temple of Solomon was
divided into two areas.
The outer area of the temple
was called the Holy Place.
A short staircase or ramp
led from the Holy Place
to a slightly elevated
special inner room
called the Most Holy Place
or the Holy of Holies.
The Most Holy Place
was constructed
to house the Ark of
the Covenant, which
was the sign, symbol, seal, or
device of the Israelite god,
Yahweh.
At the dedication of
the temple, the Ark
was moved into the
Holy of Holies.
And when the priest emerged
from this holy place
after placing the ark there, the
temple was filled with a cloud.
For the glory of the Lord had
filled the house of the Lord,
says the Book of Kings.
And this was described as some
kind of a mysterious rainbow
energy field.
What we learn from
this is that Yahweh
would manifest upon
the Ark of the Covenant
as a luminous, humanoid,
rainbow-like figure.
This, to me, is the
key to discovering
what the Ark of the
Covenant really is.
It's some kind of
a teleportation
device for rainbow body beings.
It's also known to scholars as
the Merkabah throne chariot,
upon which a god can descend and
be made manifest among humans.
When a human sits
on that throne,
as did the high priest with
his body clad in these various
apps, his body is dissolved
into rainbow-colored light that
matches Yahweh's.
In my view, symbolically, the
ark throne and the lotus throne
of the Tibetan Great
Perfection tradition
are exactly the same thing.
This is why the Israelite
high priest and Padmasambhava
are portrayed with the
same signs, seals, symbols,
or again, what I call
ascension apps, on their body.
As a matter of fact, we can
add Ptah in this linkage.
And I have to be
cautious in my words
here, because this
linkage we have just made
is deadly serious and very
dangerous in the wrong hands.
There are governments
and organizations
who are desperately seeking
this knowledge right now
to fulfill end-time prophecies.
And we certainly don't want
to be of assistance to them.
They seek this knowledge
for the love of power,
rather than the power of love.
But I believe that what we are
looking at with the high priest
is an individual who has
activated these latent
psycho-spiritual attributes
or apps that now prepare him
to sit on the Ark of the
Covenant or throne chariot
and be transported
through the cosmos.
In this way, the ark
throne is exactly the same
as the feathered
ascension throne mounted
to the wormhole-shaped Ark
of the Millions of Years
of ancient Egypt.
The key here is that the ark
may be a tangible object,
but it's also a symbol that
goes along with the apps that
are activated by the soul.
And once again, I propose that
the feathered ascension throne
of ancient Egypt and
the rainbow body are,
in fact, the same thing.
And this is the same as
the Sumerian star throne.
When the high priest
entered the Holy of Holies
to sit on this
ascension throne, he
is said to have passed
a veil into heaven
and now wore white
linen garments.
The white linen garment
is the robe of the soul
and the attire of the
angels and perfected humans
or just humans made perfect
who have ascended to
and now dwell at
the throne of God.
The wearing of this garment
signifies a change of state
and also a change of form
as the baptized person
is now welcomed into
the company of angels.
Central to my thesis that the
ark throne is a teleportation
device or a stargate device is
Dr. Margaret Barker's proposal
that the veil that separated
the Holy Place from the Most
Holy Place was viewed as
a boundary between heaven
and earth, between the visible
and the invisible world,
between time and eternity.
This veil represented matter,
which veils the presence of God
from human eyes.
Parting this veil took one
beyond the material world.
As Dr. Barker observes,
it was believed
that those who entered
the Holy of Holies
and sat on the ark throne
entered heaven alive.
And they were transformed upon
entering this golden chamber.
The Jewish historian Philo said
that when the high priest, clad
in his soul apps, entered
the Holy of Holies,
he was not a man.
We read in Leviticus,
as there shall
be no man in the
Holy of Holies when
he enters to make atonement.
But Philo translated that as
when the high priest enters
the Holy of Holies, he
shall not be a man, showing,
he said, that the high priest
was now more than human.
He was no longer a human because
his experience has returned him
to the original, pure,
light-being state of Adam
and the gods and angels.
The people who passed through
the veil, notes Dr. Barker,
were the mediators, clad in
their divine priestly garments,
their soul apps, who walked
between worlds in order
to bring blessings and
the presence of God
to their people.
This is the point of
activating these apps within.
They enable us to
become star walkers,
to walk between worlds,
just like Inanna,
and to bring blessings to all.
In the Jewish
tradition, these priests
had the title of Melchizedek,
meaning King of Righteousness.
And as the Melchizedek high
priest went beyond the veil
and entered the Holy of
Holies, he entered heaven.
And when he passed
back through the veil,
he came back down from heaven.
Dr. Barker tells how these
priests became angels
and lights among the living.
I believe that this
transformation into a divine
being in his travel via
stargate was literal as
opposed to merely metaphorical.
And more, because the Essenes
tell us in the Dead Sea Scrolls
that many people
achieve this, I believe
this experience was
psycho-spiritual,
meaning initiates
visualized this experience
and activated these
ascension apps from within.
This symbolism of the soul
apps or ascension apps
was adopted by
Christianity with Jesus
as the high priest of
the Order of Melchizedek
who passed through
the veil and returned.
We have a great high priest
who is passed through heavens,
says the Book of Hebrews.
The inner sanctuary
behind the curtain
where Jesus who went before
us has entered on our behalf,
Hebrews continues.
This is Jan van Eyck's take
on Jesus as the Melchizedek
priest.
It's part of the
Ghent Altarpiece,
the most important painting in
all of human history, perhaps.
Jesus as the high priest sits
on a concealed throne, which
is the Ark of the Covenant.
He wears the bejeweled
breastplate of righteousness.
He radiates rainbow light.
And he wears the jeweled
crown of salvation.
And he holds the
stick of resurrection.
Now, let's compare this
image with Padmasambhava
on the lotus throne.
Both Padmasambhava and Jesus
hold symbols, or tools,
including the crown of
light, a wand or staff that
opens the gate to heaven,
which is the same as Ptah's
holy resurrection stick.
And they both radiate a
rainbow-colored light.
To me, these are the mystical,
psycho-spiritual attributes
or ascension apps of
the perfect humans.
The whole or holy ones of
various traditions that
you've just seen has at least
a 5,000-year-old history.
Humans who attain
these apps on the way
to their own
spiritual perfection
derive huge earthly benefits.
And this is the reason why we
want to pursue these mysteries.
They, for one,
have better health.
Whole people are happy people.
And medically, happy
people are healthier.
They live longer.
And this grants us an
increased opportunity
to achieve the rainbow body,
which the Tibetans say can
be achieved in one lifetime.
By becoming fully
functioning human beings,
though, we serve
the greater good.
And again, this is why
we study this subject.
This is Hans Memling's
painting of Christ
enthroned on a copy of the
Ark of the Covenant in heaven.
Remember, the Bible says there
are two Arks of the Covenant.
One is on Earth.
The other is in heaven.
As we see here, the ark
throne or the body of Jesus
radiates rainbow light.
Christ is once again
enthroned, holding the crown
and the resurrection stick.
We see that he
wears a breastplate.
These are all the
ascension apps.
And it indicates that he is a
fully activated human being.
And as we compare the image
of Memling's enthroned Christ
with that of
Padmasambhava, we see
that, once again, the images
tell exactly the same story.
I realize that it's
controversial to make the claim
that as the high priest of
the order of Melchizedek,
Jesus wears the signs,
seals, and symbols
and devices of the Annunaki
or Ptah or Padmasambhava.
However, I believe
that connecting
these dots represents a
continuous line of teaching
that, as I said, is at least
5,000 years old and more likely
came from star beings
or celestial beings.
Learning to click on these
apps within us transforms us.
And I know these
apps are symbols.
The apostle Paul
tells us exactly this.
In his letters to the
officiants, the people
living in Ephesus,
Turkey, written
while he was in prison
in Rome in AD 62,
the Christian apostle
Paul gives advice
on living a holy
and a pure life.
He also warns of
a coming battle.
And he advises Christians
or other believers
to be strong in the Lord
and in His mighty power.
Put on the full armor of God
so that you can take your stand
against the devil's schemes.
For our struggle is not
against flesh and blood,
but against the rulers,
against the authorities,
against the powers
of this dark world,
and against the spiritual forces
of evil in the heavenly realms.
Therefore, put on the
full armor of God,
so that when the
day of evil comes,
you may be able to
stand your ground,
and after you have done
everything, to stand.
Stand firm then, with
the belt of truth
buckled around your waist,
with the breastplate
of righteousness in
place, and with your feet
fitted with the readiness that
comes from the gospel of peace.
In addition to all
this, take up the shield
of faith, with which
you can extinguish
all the flaming arrows
of the evil one.
Take the helmet of salvation
and the sword of spirit,
which is the word of God.
Paul is clearly urging us,
meaning the great multitudes
of people who have read these
lines, to augment or supplement
the human body with a
collection of tools or apps
for a battle against
an otherworldly force.
These cannot be taken as
literal or actual power tools
or technologies to be acquired,
unless there is some form
of ancient Apple Computer
company or Google who made
them.
This suit of cosmic
armor is metaphorical and
psycho-spiritual.
It's also anagogical, meaning
it has to do with our ascension.
It is made of apps that we
externalize, embody, or exude,
but they are clearly
perfected from within
and externalized by our actions.
The belt of truth is just that.
When we put on this
belt, we are committing
ourselves to speak the truth.
As Paul says, the use of
this spiritual technology
forms a shield of faith,
a suit of cosmic armor,
or a second skin that seals and
protects us and also permits
access to realms
normally off limits
to humans who are
clothed in ordinary skin.
This is exactly
what the Sumerians
described the Annunaki wearing.
And we can make it
the argument that it
was they who originally brought
this spiritual technology
to earth.
In his letter, Paul
assures the officiants
that they have the power
to successfully put
on this new skin or
power suit of armor
if they stand firm at
the side of the risen
Christ in His new
body of rainbow light.
It's not really a skin, but it's
referred to as celestial flesh.
Now, this is really
powerful, because once again,
it tells us that these spiritual
enlightenment or ascension
apps are attainable by all.
The question is, do you believe
you can activate these apps?
One's choice of answers
sets one's life course.
And Paul's letter
also makes clear
that the reason we seek to
put on this miracle power
garment or second skin is not
just to improve the human body
and live a righteous
and whole or holy life
but also to protect ourselves
from predatory powers
and spiritual forces of evil in
the hierarchy of the heavenly
realms that seek
to impede our rise.
Bluntly, Paul is telling us to
activate the armor of God apps
from within to counter
an alien threat.
So who or what and where are
these principalities, powers,
rulers, and archons
who Paul says
come from high places
or heavenly realms?
Well, this is what the
modern-day disclosure movement
is all about.
Modern UFO and alien
researchers claim
that there are predatory
aliens from outer space
who wield super
advanced technology.
This sometimes invisible
and predatory alien
race hides behind the
veil of human history.
But gnostic writings from the
first century AD discovered
in Nag Hammadi, Egypt in 1945,
including the Gospel of Philip,
which I discussed in the
Robe of Light episode,
contain warnings
and descriptions
of the alien
predators they called
archons, who see themselves
as rulers of humanity,
or the human mind, anyway.
Jesus spoke directly of them
and advised how to avoid them.
As researcher John Lash
has observed in his book,
"Not in His Image," based
on the physical descriptions
of the archons in the
gnostic materials,
we may equate them with Grey
and reptilian-type alien beings
of contemporary ET
investigations and reports.
Lash is in tune with
"The Song of the Greys,"
the 1997 work of
Nigel Kerner, who
proposed the greys
are non-organic,
extraterrestrial beings.
They are robots or machines
who want souls and seek
to create a hybrid human
being in hopes that they
will attain our divine sparks.
The reptilians are otherworldly
human serpent beings,
described in the Essenes'
Book of Enoch, among others.
They are described sometimes
us teachers, but other times
as betrayers of humankind.
And the Essenes say they gave
humanity the secret of heaven
and in, fact the
secret of ascension.
Lash proposes that the gnostics
warn that the archons invade
the human psyche, our soul.
And they intrude mentally
and psychologically,
although they may also
confront us physically as well.
During forcible
modern abductions,
the robotic greys are
believed to implant
technological devices
within human bodies.
This intrusion potentially
disables our ability
to put on the
spiritual armor of God.
This is what Jesus
came to teach us to do
is to put on this cosmic armor.
And in Lash's view,
the gnostics taught
that the true mind of human
beings, the nous authenticos,
is part of a cosmic intelligence
that pervades nature.
But due to the intrusion
of the archons,
this native mind or native
genius can be subverted
and even occupied
by another mind.
The threat is that once we go
grey and have this technology
within us, the force
is no longer with us.
The alien mind penetrates into
our storytelling activities,
says Lash, and the
narrative power
so crucial for humanity to
make its way in its cosmos
is subverted.
This is one of the ways, or
perhaps the most effective way,
Lash proposes, that we are
deviated from our proper course
of spiritual evolution.
Human resistance to
the archon intrusion
depends on getting
our story straight
about who we are
as spiritual beings
and what we are capable of
doing, spiritually speaking.
It also depends on
our inner composure
and our mental discipline,
the sobriety of the warrior,
says Lash.
Where the mind goes,
the biology follows
is a bio-spiritual adage.
And for the human species
to achieve ascension
and transcendence, we
must have stories, plots,
and narratives that can guide
us from initial conception
to our final goal.
And this is why the gnostics
rehearsed ascension stories
and visualized the robe of glory
and the soul rising or soul
ascent to the throne of
God over and over again.
In our journey, we have
traced over 5,000 years
of recorded history and
stories about the ascension
apps of the soul.
We now know those are within us.
And we have seen this message
transmitted over and over
again.
Get the robe of light, they say.
But don't forget
the crown of wisdom,
the breastplate
of righteousness,
the belt of truth, and
the sandals of peace.
Get, perhaps, is the wrong word,
because what we're really doing
is revealing these
apps from within.
And in the next
episode, we will reveal
one more soul app, the hidden
one, perhaps the most important
one.
Until next time, be humble, let
your light shine, and namaste.
[THEME MUSIC]